Update domains-faq.md (#967)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/setup/domains-faq.md

When you add multiple domains to Office 365, you can host any of the services (like email) on any of the domains you've added.  *When you change your email to Office 365, by updating a domain's MX record, ALL email sent to that domain will start coming to Office 365.* 
 
::: moniker range="o365-worldwide"

> [!NOTE]

> > If you have already added a domain contoso.com to a O365 tenant, we can still add the sub domain xyz.contoso.com to another Office365 tenant, when adding the subdomain you will be prompted to add a txt record in the dns hosting provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have already added a contoso.com domain to an Office 365 tenant, you can still add the subdomain xyz.contoso.com to another Office 365 tenant. When adding the subdomain, you will be prompted to add a TXT record in the DNS hosting provider.
```
